SHORT TERM: DEEP BREATHING. You must audibly breathe, taking deep breaths and deep exhales. Lasts 1d10 minutes.
SHORT TERM: Is it safe to do that? You must ask the DM for permission to do anything for 1d10 minutes.
SHORT TERM: BEES! Your character believes he is swarmed by angry bees. He will run about aimlessly for 1d10 minutes. If you wish to act it out: Shout in terror and run out the nearest exit, screaming about bees.
SHORT TERM: Stoned Out of Your Mind Your character believes he has been turned to stone. You may not act for 1d10 minutes, nor may you speak. You may act this out by standing as still as possible for the duration.
SHORT TERM: The outside world isn’t safe! Retreat within your mind for safety. You are paralyzed for 1d10 minutes. You may act this out by not moving during the duration.
SHORT TERM: Why is everything so funny? You must keep laughing (At least when acknowledged) for 1d10 minutes. During this time you are incapacitated. 
SHORT TERM: You’re terrified of demons. And spiders. And people. And that rock over there. Pretty much everything. You are Frightened for 1d10 minutes. Jump in fear (Maybe shout too!) if someone acknowledges you.
SHORT TERM: What language did you speak? You forget. Time to make a new language. You are incapable of normal speech (and thus spellcasting) for 1d10 minutes, and only babble incoherently. 
SHORT TERM: Enemies are all around you! It’s not safe! Attack the nearest creature each round for 1d10 minutes (friend or foe!). You may act this out by pretending your friends are monsters or evil villains.
SHORT TERM: Did you see that over there? It looked like a flying monkey. You experience vivid hallucinations for 1d10 minutes, and have disadvantage on ability checks. You may act this out by pointing out strange sightings to your companions.
SHORT TERM: Everybody’s ideas sound like good ideas. What could go wrong? You will do whatever anyone tells you that isn’t obviously self-destructive for 1d10 minutes. You may act this out and do what you are told out-of-game as well, as long as it’s not harmful.
SHORT TERM: That looks rather tasty… You want to eat something strange, such as dirt or slime for 1d10 minutes. Ask the player next to you if you can eat their pencil, or dice.
SHORT TERM: Goodnight! You fall unconscious for 1d10 minutes. Slump over on the table for the duration.
